#summary Setting a Network - Remote access to the Slug

Reasons to set up a network:
 
 # Being able to refer to the Slug by name instead of IP address + if the IP changes (because of DHCP) you don't have to guess the new IP
 # Being able to access the Slug remotely via SSH
 # Being able to expose some functionality from the Slug to the outside world 

=== To set up the network: ===

All this has been done for the  typical Linksys home wireless router, but most home routers should have similar functionality.

Go to the site DynDNS, and open a free account. There are other companies that offer similar services, but this is one of the best.

Install [http://www.dyndns.com/support/kb/using_ddclient_with_dyndns_services.html ddclient]. 


To configure the router, point your browser to 192.168.1.1, and log in. If you've never logged in, or you've never changed the default settings, these are as follows:

{{{
username: 'admin' 
password: 'admin'
}}}

To improve the security of your network, once you've opened it to the external world, you should do the following:

 # Scan the ports of all the devices connected to the network (including laptops, desktops, the router, and the Slug).
		
There should not be anything open that you have not opened yourself.

If you find the a port for Pnp open, close it (if it's in the router, you can do that from the admin panel). It's for Plug-and-play devices, and you don't need it unless you do gaming.

 # Change the default web port (80) to some unknown port (not 8080 or other similar common alternative)

Optional:

 * Lists the mac addresses of the devices you are going to allow to access your network 