#summary Functionality of the video recording device connected to the Slug

= Introduction =

The webcam is the central part of the home security system, and will be in charge of collecting visual information.


= Details =

The camera starts recording when it detects movement

It saves the video for an X period of time, before overwriting it

The recordings can be accessed through the Internet

Exposes the monitoring functionality in a RESTful style 

= Pending Tasks =

Write a script (in python? in php?) that will take a picture every x minutes (or that we can control through the internet)  - it'd be better it if does it when it detects movement, but that might be difficult - and posts it in the web server.

The script should make sure that the necessary drivers are loaded, and if not try to load them in the right order.  If the drivers are not there, it can download them and then install them. (It'd probably need to run as root.) It has to either tell the user to install "usbutils" or install them itself. Then the program can read the camera and manufacturer, and if it's one 

The script will be placed in the /var/www directory.

Weed another script that adds the swap memory the the Slug is turned on.

Does the vidcat command need w3cam?   --> YES: vidcat is part of the w3cam package

http://www.mjmwired.net/kernel/Documentation/video4linux/ov511.txt

Do we need any of the applications previously installed? The script would need to check if w3cam installed, and install it if it's not.

Command:  vidcat -d /dev/video0 -s 640x480 > /var/www/tet.jpg

If we wanted to get fancy, we could replace the frame a few times per second, set the page to auto-refresh, and it'd look like video. But there has to be a better way to do it, probably using some application. This way would be very hard on the memory stick.

/opt/gphoto				
/usr/bin/webcam_server		
/usr/sbin/w3camd